people.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: People
comments: false
icon: fas fa-id-card
pageindex: 3
---

## Overview

This is a quick overview about the people that were in my troop.  For privacy reasons, all of their names are different than what they are in real life.  However, the names are consistent across all stories.  So "Bob" in one story is the same "Bob" as in all other stories.

The way this page is organized is by grade-school graduating class, and by extension, the year we joined scouts.  "Generation 0" means that the person was the same age as me (i.e. we were in the same school year).  "Generation 1" means that the person is a year younger than me (i.e. they were in the school year after me).  "Generation 2" mean that the person is two years younger than me, etc.  "Generation -1" means that the person is a year older than me, while "Generation -2" means that the person is 2 years older than me, etc.

All adult leaders, meanwhile, have "Mr." or "Mrs." in front of their names.

## Generation -2

### Steve

Steve was 2 years older than me.  He became Eagle a couple years after I joined.  His Eagle project was the first one I helped work on.

He was a leader when I first joined, but he was also a strict one.

## Generation 0

### Seth (me)

The only person on this site with a real name is myself (I mean, the domain is a subdomain of  [shendrick.net](https://shendrick.net), its obvious who the author is), so there's no reason to hide my name :P.

In my time in scouts, I started as the troop librarian.  This was an easy job, just make sure people returned their books on time.  I then became the assistant patrol leader (APL) for the Flaming Arrows patrol with my friend Bert as the leader.  I then became the patrol leader for several years afterwards, and always somehow won re-election despite being a meh leader.  My last election cycle, I became the assistant senior patrol leader (ASPL), before getting my Eagle and turning 18.

I then hung around for 2 years while I attended community college at [HVCC](https://hvcc.edu).  When I graduated from HVCC, I moved away to attend [RIT](https://rit.edu), and left the troop.

### Bert

Bert was my best friend in scouts.  We were always tent-mates during summer camps.  We were in the same patrol: The Flaming Arrows.  Bert became Eagle several years before I did.

### Rodger

Rodger was another one of my best friends in scouts.  Despite being a jerk, he was well loved by all of the younger scouts.  His dad (and eventually him when he got his license) drove to camping trips in a massive van.  The van had a TV in it, so we could play video games on the way to camping trips.

Rodger and I were in the same Den together, in fact his dad was our Den leader.

### Jake

Jake was another one of my best friends, and actually the first friend I had when I moved to Castleton.  He joined Cub Scouts a few years after I did.

He was a well-loved member of the troop.  He was senior patrol leader (SPL) for one year, and he did a good job with it.  Since we were neighbors, him, myself, and Iggy would carpool to meetings together.

### Iggy

Iggy moved to Castleton when I was in 6th grade and was my next door neighbor.  We had a... rocky relationship at the start; but we got over it and became friends.

He became Eagle a few years before I did.  He was SPL for one year, and he was also the Quartermaster for a bit as well.  When he turned 18, he became an assistant scoutmaster until he went off to college.

### Kevin

Kevin was a three-season athlete, but he still made time to go to troop meetings.  To the younger scouts, he was intimidating, so they listened to him.  In my opinion, he was one of the most effective SPLs we had in our troop while I was there.

He also stuck around after turning 18 as an assistant scoutmaster.

### Newton

Newton... while he is okay today, he wasn't very well liked him back in scouts.  He was one of those people who, I believe, were forced to join scouts by his parents.  He quit a few years after joining.

## Generation 1

### Martin

Martin was Mr Night's son.

## Adult Leaders

### Mr. Night

Mr. Night was the second scoutmaster I had.

Commit message:

Updated to use real first names.

people.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: People
comments: false
icon: fas fa-id-card
pageindex: 3
---

## Overview

This is a quick overview about the people that were in my troop by their first name.  I didn't include last names for privacy reasons.

The way this page is organized is by grade-school graduating class, and by extension, the year we joined scouts.  "Generation 0" means that the person was the same age as me (i.e. we were in the same school year).  "Generation 1" means that the person is a year younger than me (i.e. they were in the school year after me).  "Generation 2" mean that the person is two years younger than me, etc.  "Generation -1" means that the person is a year older than me, while "Generation -2" means that the person is 2 years older than me, etc.

All adult leaders, meanwhile, have "Mr." or "Mrs." in front of a subset of their last name.

## Generation -2

### Old Seth

Old Seth was 2 years older than me.  He was also named Seth, and since he is older than me, he will be known on this website as "Old Seth".  He became Eagle a couple years after I joined.  His Eagle project was the first one I helped work on.

He was a leader when I first joined, but he was also a strict one.

## Generation 0

### Seth (me)

In my time in scouts, I started as the troop librarian.  This was an easy job, just make sure people returned their books on time.  I then became the assistant patrol leader (APL) for the Flaming Arrows patrol with my friend Brett as the leader.  I then became the patrol leader for several years afterwards, and always somehow won re-election despite being a meh leader.  My last election cycle, I became the assistant senior patrol leader (ASPL), before getting my Eagle and turning 18.

I then hung around for 2 years while I attended community college at [HVCC](https://hvcc.edu).  When I graduated from HVCC, I moved away to attend [RIT](https://rit.edu), and left the troop.

### Brett

Brett was my best friend in scouts.  We were always tent-mates during summer camps.  We were in the same patrol: The Flaming Arrows.  Brett became Eagle several years before I did.

### Rob

Rob was another one of my best friends in scouts.  Despite being a jerk, he was well loved by all of the younger scouts.  His dad (and eventually him when he got his license) drove to camping trips in a massive van.  The van had a TV in it, so we could play video games on the way to camping trips.

Rob and I were in the same Den together, in fact his dad was our Den leader.

### Jim

Jim was another one of my best friends, and actually the first friend I had when I moved to Castleton.  He joined Cub Scouts a few years after I did.

He was a well-loved member of the troop.  He was senior patrol leader (SPL) for one year, and he did a good job with it.  Since we were neighbors, him, myself, and Ian would carpool to meetings together.

### Ian

Ian moved to Castleton when I was in 6th grade and was my next door neighbor.  We had a... rocky relationship at the start; but we got over it and became friends.

He became Eagle a few years before I did.  He was SPL for one year, and he was also the Quartermaster for a bit as well.  When he turned 18, he became an assistant scoutmaster until he went off to college.

### Kyle

Kyle was a three-season athlete, but he still made time to go to troop meetings.  To the younger scouts, he was intimidating, so they listened to him.  In my opinion, he was one of the most effective SPLs we had in our troop while I was there.

He also stuck around after turning 18 as an assistant scoutmaster.

### Chris

Chris... while he is okay today, he wasn't very well liked him back in scouts.  He was one of those people who, I believe, were forced to join scouts by his parents.  He quit a few years after joining.

## Generation 1

### Matt M

Matt M was Mr Night's son.

## Adult Leaders

### Mr. M

Mr. M was the second scoutmaster I had.
